feat(curriculum): add password generator project to Python curriculum (#52444)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-regular-expressions-by-building-a-password-generator/657dadf4d8b93c1704f3a57c.md

---
id: 657dadf4d8b93c1704f3a57c
title: Step 66
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-66
---

# --description--

> It works, but there are still a couple of things you can improve. First of all, calling a function with 5 arguments can create confusion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It works, but there are still a couple of things you can improve. First of all, calling a function with 5 arguments can create confusion on which value will be assigned to which parameter.
```

> You can call a function using keyword arguments, that is writing explicitely the parameter name followed by the assignment operator and the actual value. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can call a function using keyword arguments, that is writing the parameter name explicitly followed by the assignment operator and the value. For example:
```
